Charlotte I would like to endorse you to
be the next president of the United
States oh my god you've been a great
Secretary of State which state again all
of them looking at us I kind of know her
it's like kind of knowing a mermaid do
you tell people that relies on Remember
Who I am
secretary field I'd like to speak with
you with me I can't shake this feeling
that we know each other we do we do
picture me I guess maybe like 20 years
younger but like this
Barsky yeah what are you doing these
days I'm a journalist you're a great
writer but sometimes you're a little too
much I'm the perfect right portion okay
you push me just call me a cracker what
is the relationship exactly it's to
babysit for them you babysat for him Wow
time has not been kind
I need some writers to punch up my
speeches that's writing is really good
and he knows me oh I feel so scared
another write better for you I should
kind of get to know you better and if
you have a minute I'm actually up seven
seven minutes in heaven what is your
favorite book as a kid The Velveteen
Rabbit fair job must have been loved by
rocks most embarrassing moment
what's your favorite sexual position
normal what's your favorite sexual
position
don't be gross right do a date I mean
who wants to follow me around the world
and hope I have five minutes to be
affectionate we actually did almost die
we need to move you Thank You agent M
it's pretty woman mushi's Richard Gere
and yours Julia Roberts honestly this is
the best few weeks of my entire life a
thousand constituents how they would
feel if Kate Middleton they really gone
with us were to start dating Danny
DeVito pretty negative reaction
the last time you got I was on a swing
doctors
[Music]
a situation the barrio that things
happen when the sky turns black when we
were kids we were told about the legend
anytime you got hot in the hood you'd
hear those chopper pipes gangsters found
God had a fear the devil he was he H gun
cartel killed a bunch of police officers
coming to plant a flag in LA and reset
the game
you never see anything like this it's a
war zone you knew this was coming and
what was coming revolution bingo
how's it being straight with you I have
to tell you I'm not sure what to do next
try doing what's good
now I have to do what's right I have to
become this it's the only way to protect
my city can you what do you see
rage
no lion I've run the street
this is all-out war now to come me 24
hours been the Danvers
I am neither right nor good I will make
up the difference
well chicano the ghetto Grim Reaper bad
hair day bless their uncles and hearts
feeling judged no problem on May 3rd
get ready for the biggest get crazy
getting those most incredible whoa most
star-studded musical comedy event of
dull time yes yes it's the movie for
everyone my pants are tight but I like
it who isn't perfect is it that right
jibberish cat hug we dolls attention no
uglies were harmed in the making of this
movie
[Music]
oh right in the buttons rated PG so
there I was woke up with the heavy case
of amnesia in the middle of nowhere the
only clue to my past is Harry's name and
address inside this hat so I made my way
to the apartment and that's when I found
you and your stapler gotta loosen a shoe
so you're talking Pikachu with no
memories who's addicted to caffeine I
could stop it whenever I want these are
just choices another round extra shot I
don't know maybe hair got in too deep
and mixed up the wrong crowd that kind
of thing you could talk to humans I can
talk to Pokemon and if you want to find
your pops we're gonna need you to know I
don't need a Pokemon what about a
world-class detective Harry is still
alive case closed
but still open until I solve it
all right here it is Harry faked his own
death or somebody else fake Harry's
death
Oh Harry
fake somebody else's dead that last one
doesn't work
[Music]
[Applause]
now obviously I've dealt with this pups
before so I'll just do it again
hey bud what do you know I can't do when
people are watching
[Music]
that's a twist that's very twisty
yeah no he's barely moving don't tell
him that
oh he's on a fight quick get in front of
him stop oh no he's going down hard Tim
should have worn a helmet
[Music]
I'll just get a glass of water please I
have to save all my money cuz I'm here
to find my sister
she's been taken taken like like by man
who sell hot white virgins to can chew
lien airs on yours
I am very moved by your story or there
anything you like I'll have a club
sandwich and an order fries two slices a
cake do you want any cake no three
slices of cake and a diet coke
impressive I'm a con artist sisters in
arms I don't know small-time I was until
I met you candy why are women better
suited to calm than men cuz we're used
to faking it because no man will ever
believe a woman is smarter than he is is
it valuable
$500,000 I like it cuz it's shiny
I could be the partner you live in you
needed teach me your sugar baby ways
take this to the gastrin Butler person
first listen there's nothing more
compelling to a man than a vulnerable
woman observe wow you just tear up like
that can you make the tea roll down your
cheek oh oh no you try gee are you
constipated if you want to be like me
you must be trained for any situation
[Music]
she's ready he's the mark he's a tech
millionaire billionaire out there try to
please inconspicuous as possible yeah
I'm working here if this person won't
just scoot over
would you mind sir sir
[Music]
men always underestimate is and that is
what we use
[Music]
you let her get away huh she dresses it
again she must mean it says it sir
don't worry doll this is a terrible
short that wasn't expected
[Music]
since childhood I have been fascinated
with language I've invented my own you
invented an entire language yes I made
stories legends tell me a story in any
language you want
it's about Janice the journey as we take
to prove ourselves about adventures we
should form a club a brotherhood changed
the world
through the power of art music poetry
and what about talking I want to write
something
it's about magic beyond anything anyone
has ever thought before
what it means to love to be loved
whoa
[Music]
[Applause]
all of the wisdom was a language I had
to tell you mr. talking but never come
across anything like it
this is more than just a friendship it's
an alliance an invincible alliance
[Music]
a fellowship
you
hey I'm ready my name is Bailey and this
is my boy Ethan you enjoying the breeze
Bostock I've lived a lot of lives
there's a lot of different dogs but I
always found my way back to Ethan now
that isn't getting any easier that is
getting an easier
this is CJ the greatest new addition to
our pack hmm there's nothing in that Cup
I love mornings with our granddaughter
so did I mostly because she gave me
bacon
do you ever taking a bath with the
filthy dog Oh CJ's mom wants to play too
or not pretty soon CJ had to move away
once don't rewind up I wanted to chase
the car but I just didn't have the
energy like I needed you and then it
happened I was a puppy again and CJ was
my new purpose she was a gigantic baby
now what is she saying
no idea CJ I have a date tonight
again I could always tell when my girl
needed me when you
as soon as I can I'm getting out of here
I'm gonna move to New York City wait I
smell my boy it's me really thank you
what makes you think you can just show
up like this we want to see our
granddaughter please
you just keep taking care of seat you
big dog you didn't get up for anything
no matter how many lives it took I would
never for CJ oh hello where did you come
from like he chose you
things don't always turn out as we plan
but sometimes the surprises are the best
part Roger drunk baby no stop bleeding
there's lots you don't know about that
dog
I don't have all the answers
but I know we end up where we're meant
to be like a drum my heart never stops
beating for
you
[Music]
you have no idea what's coming
mr. wit broke the rules
I trust you understand the repercussions
if he survives John with X communicator
is now
you shouldn't be here nice suit
good to see you too I need your help
after this we are less than even there's
no escape for you the high table wants
your life
[Music]
would you help set the mood frown you
guessed
let us begin our services still
off-limits to me what do you need guns
lots of guns you think you can take John
wick you got a nasty surprise coming
I've been looking forward to meeting you
for a long time
and so far you haven't disappointed
we can keep this up as long as you'd
like
but this only ends one way
[Music]
all of this for what because of a puppy
wasn't just a puppy
what does America mean to you your
removal is final there's nothing you can
do sorry but this is my home New York is
my home 13.8 billion years ago the Big
Bang created the stars the planets the
galaxies compared to the lifespan of the
universe our lives begin and end in a
single day no Daniel
Natasha wait let me guess not all of
them I don't believe in love so no magic
no fate no meant to be what if I told
you I could get you to fall in love with
me just give me a day an hour when your
key ingredients to fall in love my
ingredients our friendship chemistry The
X Factor what's the X Factor don't worry
we've got it
this isn't gonna make me change my mind
mr. plaid tie did you just call me Pat
I'm glad time my family's from Korea in
that Thailand that is not what I said so
you can stop waiting for an apology oh
I'm waiting for something but not for an
apology
[Music]
now I don't
but I think I could toss show what are
you so afraid of listen I wasn't born
here what my family is leaving tomorrow
this is real and I know fill it too
the choice who made coffee no
parrot thought she was
[Music]
you don't have forever
all we have is a single day
[Music]
you stumbled upon an opportunity
I can make you rich
rich enough to impress a princess
what would I have to do there's a Cave
of Wonders
bring me the land
[Music]
oh great one who summons me I stand by
my oath loyalty to wishes 3mk rushed
[Music]
you ain't never had a friend
hey can you make me a prince there is a
lot of gray area in make me a prince I
could just make you a prince oh no you
look like a prince on the outside but I
didn't change anything on the inside
Showtime
no I'm in charge okay I say when it's
done really I thought a princess could
go anywhere note this princess do you
trust me
[Music]
Amy you've been out for two years and
you've never kissed a girl I really
don't know what I'm doing with all that
stuff I have a secret for you I
masturbate yeah like I wish that would
have been a secret but you've mentioned
it many many times she's got a really
cute smile it's the last day we got you
through high school I need to go over
the end with your budget numbers can't
we just graduate head off to college
that's do it right persist I can't hear
you I can't soundproof glass twittle
party to me what nobody knows that we
are fun we didn't party because we
wanted to focus on school and get into
good colleges and it worked but the
irresponsible people who partied also
got into those colleges I'm incredible
at hand jobs but I also got a 1560 on
the SATs we haven't done anything we
haven't broken any rules name one person
whose life was so much better because
they broke a couple of rules
kasa he broke our rules Rosa Parks name
another susan b anthony god damn it
we treat your nerves can sanitizer
chapstick chat mace listen it is very
important that you keep the safe
oh my god
[Music]
well it seems excessive shotgun I'm just
kidding I don't have what don't see
we're having a date night right it's
funny your parents think we're boning
what you two have is special we are
going to show each other how much we
care about each other well probably just
do a Korean face mask I don't need to
know all the words
[Music]
mom Who am I
you are a gift
we believe that you came here for a
reason
I know has been difficult for you lately
but you feel different from other kids
[Music]
Caitlyn commando he's a creep help me
Mom I want him in handcuffs and I want
I'm going do you even know who his real
mother's I miss your mother
let's go
maybe there is Diwali Brandon
ever turn against ourselves he's not
[Music]
he's messing with me
[Applause]
[Music]
something wrong
boy round by chance one of the only
people in the world that knows how
special they were believed to be no
survivors among the 268 passengers on
board
[Music]
I know there is good inside you
[Applause]
I wanted you good man I do what we are
witnessing here is the return of
tightness how many these things are
there
17 and Counting that musta
[Music]
mother rude then Jude or out
they're moving like a pack they're
hunting they all respond directly to an
alpha
we stop this Ghidorah we stop them all
is there another creature that might
stand a chance against
[Music]
our planet will perish
so will we
[Applause]
unless we set Godzilla free
[Music]
oh yeah sure let's bring him in for a
beer no this time we join the fight run
[Music]
mrs. guys in his world we just live in
it damn right
are you going to meet a boy no okay
excuse me can you buy some booze for my
friends and I not interested please
hey oh oh there's my girl
this never happened okay thanks again
for doing this ma'am
you guys wanna party like rock stars
follow me
the bar is open do you think we don't
notice too much but it's all you cool
basement you're free to do whatever you
want down here but nobody go upstairs
welcome to my mom how did she get our
numbers you know what the body
those earrings are beautiful magnet you
got a sweet mama huh who are you with
just some kids from school friends man a
dog there's something off about mom
seriously she's honest and her basements
pretty much the best drinking spot in
town
we can't go here thanks for these
earrings what happened last night I
don't want to hang out at malls anymore
I want you to meet someone
nice to meet you Maggie we went to high
school together why is my son
now just like your daddy's spending time
at your house
that is crazy
probably something wrong with me how
does it feel to be on the outside
[Applause]
this is the most fun I've had in a long
time
[Music]
I could hear the whole shield in my head
it was all there till notice much got to
get it out it's a little bit funny
inside what did you say your name was
again
my name is Reginald Dwight Reginald
that's my granddad's name that is a fat
boy from nowhere get to be a song man
got to kill the person you were born to
be in order to become the person you
want to be I'm thinking of changing my
name to Elton that's my name yeah you
can be the best-selling artist America
if you desire whose traduction a bowl
down why are you still coming flashing
can you even play the piano in those
they know who you are
and just don't kill yourself with drugs
so how does it feel to be a stop it
significant or last century well we can
firstly being arranged okay one of this
is going I just hope you realize you're
choosing an active being alone forever
you don't want to just sing without this
ridiculous paraphernalia people don't
pay to see rich life they pay to see
Elton John
[Music]
sorry
do you even care how much pressure I'm
on the not leave it I'll still be
collecting my 20% along after you've
killed yourself
[Music]
maybe I should have tried to be more
ordinary he would never I'd marry him
[Music]
most shine little boy you mother they
look at you now
[Music]